OCPBUGS-34007#adding mirror registry reminder (#77232)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-ocp-agent-inputs.adoc

    - 192.168.11.4
    - 2001:DB8::5
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> When you use a disconnected mirror registry, you must add the certificate file that you created previously for your mirror registry and that you added to the `additionalTrustBundle` field of the yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use a disconnected mirror registry, you must add the certificate file that you created previously for your mirror registry to the `additionalTrustBundle` field of the `install-config.yaml` file.
```
